[video_player] Clarify the use of NSAllowsArbitraryLoads (#2886)
flutter/plugins: packages/video_player/video_player/README.md

</dict>
```

> This entry allows your app to access video files by a HTTP URL, this is not needed if you always load your videos over HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This entry allows your app to access video files by HTTP URLs. This is not needed if you always load your videos over HTTPS.
```
